https://doj.gov.in/acts-and-rules
Ammendment are proposed and passed  in meeting 

father of our nation: gandhi
The congress majority are Hindus
552 native states
league and Congress divided and chamber of princes
SAMBIDHAN
9-Dec-1946 first India's Constituet Assembly (meeting)
Dr. Sachidanand Sinha as the interim president
Dr. Rajendra Prasad as the permanant president

13-Dec-1946 Nehru presents 8 points which are blueprint of the Indian constitution

22-Jan-1947 first proposal passed

jinha's proposal was : Assam,Bengal,Punjab,Sind,Baluchistan,North-West Frontier Province be included in Pakistan with a coridor running through Delhi,Rampur,Lucknow,Patna to Calcutta
but refused the coridor and Assam,Bengal and Punjab

3-Jun-1947 India's map tearing apart: Partition of Indian, Partition of Punjab and Bengal

Assam stays with India (Syed Muhammad Saadulla, assam) also in Constitution Assembly many are present from muslim league

22-JULY-1947 nehru states Horizontal tri color deep safrom,white and dark green in equal proportion and center of the white band a wheel of navy blue to represents "Ashoka Chakra"

15-Aug-1947 INDEPENDENCE exactly at 12 AM
then FLAG+JANAGANA


20-Aug-1947 Dr. BhimRao Ramji Ambedkar with  Alladi Krishnaswami Ayyar, shri n. gopalaswami ayyangar, Shri KM Munshi, syed mohammad sadullah, B.L. Mitter, D.P. Khaitan. the Drafting Committee elected B.R Ambedkar as its Chairman

the indian penal code 6 October 1860
Fundamental rights clause:
	every citizen can travel, do job,  stays
	voting rights to everyone
	freedom of expression 'Sedition' is included
	Directive Principle of State Policy (future features which maynot be justiciable in a court of law but are fundamental to the governingof the nation and whose implementation must be the duty of the state)
	
	
	
	
Schedule of Indian Constitution:
	1. Lists the States and territories of India (also their changes)
	2. Lists the salaries of officials holding public office, Presidents, Judges and Comptroller and Auditor General of India.
	3. Forms of oaths(sapath) and Affirmations(practice for making decision, eg I will study hard and success or I am stupid and I am a failure) of offices and elected officials including judges.
	4. Allocation of seats in the Rajya Sabha(the upper house of Parliament) per State or Union Teritory.
	5. Provisions as to the Administration and Control of Scheduled Areas and Scheduled Tribes.
	6. Provisions as to the Administration of Tribal Areas in the State of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
	7. The Union(central Government), State and Concurrent lists of responsibilites.
	8. The language
	9. Validation of certain Acts and Regulation.
   10. "Anti-defection"(dal badli) provisions for the members of parliament and the members of State Legislatures.
   11. Panchayat Raj(rural local government)
   12. Municipalities (urban local government)
   


council of minister:
	1. Cabinet ministers
	2. ministers of state
		1. Independent charge
		2. to support cabinet minister
	3. Deputy Ministers
